# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**Problem Statement**

**Dataset**
* The dataset is derived from the direct marketing campaigns of a Portuguese banking institution. 
* The marketing campaigns were conducted via phone calls. 
* The dataset represents a binary classification task.
* The dataset contains 20 input features and 1 output feature.
* The target classification denotes whether a given financial product: _bank term deposit_, would be subscribed to or not, denoted **yes** and **no** respectively.

**Aim**
* The aim is to train models which can learn to predict the target class by fitting the input features in the dataset using machine learning algorithms.

More information about the dataset can be found [here](./Inspect_Data/README.md).

The dataset used in this project was sourced [here](https://automlsamplenotebookdata.blob.core.windows.net/automl-sample-notebook-data/bankmarketing_train.csv).


**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
